
Introduction
============
An attempt to create a partial source code of counter-strike to be used as useful resources for the AMX Mod X community.

A purpose would be to know more on some counter-strike specificities, understanding the flow of some features, extracting useful datas thus helping the community by creating better plugins which should be more finely, intelligently, and efficiently coded.

The project is based on the HLSDK for at least three reasons :
* It's more easy to insert code inside an existing project using an IDE.
* Can try to compile to see if the code is well integrated and decent.
* A useful online documentation can be generated with Doxygen.

**Please don't expect a finished project at the moment. CS code will be implemented progressively.
An online documentation generated by Doxygen will be added once finished.**

Note
====
*Worth to be noted*: originally based on leaked HL2SDK, but on day project would restart from scratch because DWARF informations included in new CS binary, making decompilation way more easy and accurate ; and later someone gave me an archive containing full decompilation of CS (though no CZ stuff, no bot, tutor and such). It was cool, but I decided to continue to follow the whole process of decompilation because code has typos, missing stuffs, and not always up to date. So the goal here is to provide a more accurate version with useful debug informations. Therefore even if based on it now (I'm not going to reinvent the wheel), it still takes time to decompile, to check and to add missing stuffs. I don't know who is behind but found recently [this](https://code.google.com/p/cs16nd/), which looks like similar version, so big thanks for [NagiCode](https://code.google.com/u/NagiCode/), he did an amazing job.
